update usage on README (#53)
fastify/fastify-env: README.md

  })
```

> This module is wrapper around [env-schema](https://www.npmjs.com/package/env-schema), to read `.env` file you must pass `dotenv` in options :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is a wrapper around [env-schema](https://www.npmjs.com/package/env-schema) so, to read `.env` file you must set the `dotenv` in options:
```
